well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to start off with a
story
years ago seems like a lifetime ago
i was a consultant some of you all know
that
have these guys i knew they took a gig
and uh they missed a check-in
which that's not good
when that happened everybody who knew
him their friends
waking up in the middle of the night
driving 100 miles an hour
to get to this house where we're all
meeting up guys showing up with their
bags packed in case they had to go over
and get them
once we were all there we sat down at
the dining room table
and the owner of the house brought out
the board game risk
and we sat around we set up all the
pieces
and then the owner of the house had to
go and look for the dice
because there wasn't any dice in the box
he's going to take him out like monopoly
and stuff like that
while he's doing that somebody else at
the table was like man
this isn't a napped analogy i don't know
what is
all the pieces on the board but
the die hadn't been cast yet the
variables hadn't been decided
just waiting that's what was going on in
that room
the pieces were on the board we were all
aware of the situation
and what might happen but
there wasn't anything we could do
because we didn't have the information
whatever was going to happen was beyond
our control it was going to be decided
by other people
who weren't going to be influenced by us
that's where we were at in that room and
that's where we're at as a country right
now
anything that happens is going to be
decided
by people who aren't sitting at that
table
they're considering engaging in
something
that is so extreme they're not going to
be influenced
by the people at that table
i got a message saying that i was very
calming talking about the current
election stuff and trump's attempts to
undermine it
and they pointed out that other people
um were going the other way with it
and they didn't know whether or not they
should panic or not
i'm not going to put the other people
out there their names out there because
i
i like them and i i don't think they're
necessarily wrong
i just think they have a different
perspective on it
at the end of the day we're running out
of chips
we have economic issues we have a
public health issue in the middle of the
holidays
we have stuff that we can directly
impact
that we can be stressed about
the election stuff is going to be
decided by people not at that table
and just like that night we're all aware
of it
we're all keeping an eye on it but
there's nothing we can really do
until the people not at that table
decide what they're going to do
and their actions are so extreme
that it doesn't matter if we call them
and talk to them
they're going to do what they're going
to do
until that happens until the die is cast
and the variables are decided
we just have to wait play the game
relax keep an eye on it be aware of it
you know it's happening but there's
nothing you can do directly to influence
it
right now that time may come later
if the die is cast and that's the way it
rolls well then we have to address
it then but there's no sense in
panicking about it
until that happens because it's an
outside shot
it's not something that is likely to
occur
so it might be best if we focused on the
things in the room that we can change
rather than stuff that realistically we
can't
we can watch it we can pay attention we
all know what's going on
and we all know that we're committed to
that not happening
but at the moment all we can do is wait
and there's no sense in getting your
blood pressure up
over it until
those who are in a position to directly
affect the outcome
make their decisions and those variables
get decided
then there will be courses of action
that become apparent tell them we're
just waiting
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day